Please wait.
Please wait a moment.
What am I hiding?
The son of Kumagai of Musashi.
Kumagai, a servant of Jiro Naozane.
He is called Gonta.
This time, the master Naozane,
who is the best of the best,
will be sent to the inn
to find a new maid.
The son of a servant of a maid,
who is the best of the best,
will be sent to the inn
to find a new maid.
The only thing left is one day.
Is it a blessing or a blessing?
I finally found this place.
The price of the inn is not cheap.
The master of the inn is not in time
to return the inn to the master.
He is a thief who knows that it is bad.
He hates sin.
He is in trouble because of the money
and he is in trouble because of the money.
Kumagai,
if you are useful,
even if you die,
your voice will be cut off.
Your red heart will be stained with fire.
The fire is cut off.
The ship is shot down.
I understand.
I don't know who your master is,
but I know that he is your life-saving friend.
Kumagai,
I am proud of you.
Please let me go to war.
Thank you.